Terminology explainer page: update app store screenshot (#43284)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/getting-started/concepts-terminology.markdown

Among the most used apps are the ones that provide [file access and edit files](/docs/configuration/#to-set-up-access-to-the-files-and-prepare-an-editor) in Home Assistant.

> <p class='img'><img src='/images/getting-started/app-store.png' style='border: 0;box-shadow: none;' alt="Screenshot of the app store, showing all the installed apps on a test system">Screenshot of the app store, showing all the installed apps on a test system.</p>

Reviewer: The old screenshot showed the Apps page where the installed image are shown (the button to the store was visible on the bottom left). The new screenshot shows the actual store.

It's fine to use that as new screenshot, but we have to change the description in case we go through with that:

```suggestion
<p class='img'><img src='/images/getting-started/app-store.png' style='border: 0;box-shadow: none;' alt="Screenshot of the app store, showing all the installable apps">Screenshot of the app store, showing all the installable apps.</p>
```
